{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Getting Started with Jupyter notebooks:\
\
Python is a programming language. It is arguably the most popular language for scientific (including data science) applications at teh moment. Jupyter notebooks are a convenient way to write and share Python code in an especially user-friendly way. I will demonstrate some Python-based Topological Data Analysis software in class using Jupyter notebooks. I will post these notebooks on the Carmen page. If you\'92d like to play around with the software, you will need to download and install Jupyter as well as some specialized packages. Here are basic instructions to do so. Please let me know if you have any technical difficulties.\
\
1. Download and install Anaconda from this page:\
https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/\
You have the option to download Python 2 or Python 3 versions. The material that I post will be in Python 2, but most of it should run on Python 3 after some small tweaks. It\'92s up to you which version to download.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Remark: Besides Jupyter, Anaconda also comes with some other useful data science/development software, such as R. It also installs several useful data science packages into Python automatically. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
2. Install Anaconda.\
\
3. Open Anaconda and launch Jupyter notebook. \
\
4. To use a notebook that I post on Carmen, download it and then open it from Jupyter. If you are new to Python, I recommend running through the IntroductionToPython notebook first.\
\
5. To use TDA software, you will need to have the correct packages installed. This can be done via the following procedure. Suppose that you wish to install the ripser package. You will also need a package called Cython. If you are using a Mac:\
	5a. Open the terminal\
	5b. At the command line, type:\
		pip install Cython\
		pip install ripser \
	5c. Barring any error messages, that should do the trick!\
\
}